Perfunctory Lord Qin has helped you so much
Not even a thank you
Xiao Xiao, say less
If it weren't for the fact that he gave you Qiongqi Neidan
To help you heal
I won't bring anyone to help you
For the sake of you helping me
Give you a free suggestion.
There is something wrong with your cultivation method
If it is not adjusted in time
Sooner or later
Adults are like him
What do you like about him?
Just his little triangular cat kung fu
Still want to guide me
Who does he think he is?
Xiaoxiao, I advise you to ask you for advice.
This world
The only one who is qualified to guide me is the Primordial One
What is he?
Still want to guide me
Breeze, you continue to arrive
Mother's Message
The murderer behind the scenes
I'm going to get them all out.
Obey, there is still a lover to hold on
I sensed the aura of the beast from his body
I'm afraid when the situation breaks down
Understand me what this is
What's the matter with the Shen family, Lord Sun?
No, what happened to your house?
The Shen family was buried throughout midsummer
The siege of the great families
Shen Qianyao was cornered
Zhang Shaojun took Miss Shen to the Royal KTV.
That is the place where the whole Midsummer Palace is destined to spend time
I'm worried that Miss Shen will have an accident
Shall we go and see?
Shen Qianyao, I think for Shen Kung Fu's sake
I'll help you one last time.